__tests__/MANUAL_TESTING.md, before:

# Manual testing

> A guide to not forget to test anything.

## Testing list

- [ ] Should authenticate with NEAR wallet when clicking on the call to actions
- [ ] Should disconnect from NEAR when clicking logout in the navbar
- [ ] The /grants page should require NEAR login
- [ ] Saving as draft the form should not verify field types
- [ ] Saving as draft should display last saved time
- [ ] Submitting the form should requires field validation
- [ ] Submitting should first save as draft, then validate and submit to mark the data as submitted, then redirect to the NEAR submission
- [ ] If submission to the blockchain not completed show button to finish
- [ ] Submission to the blockchain should create a proposal to the DAO
- [ ] If submission to the blockchain and to the backend we should see the details

### Conditional form rendering

- [ ] If member part of a team add field about the team and team members
- [ ] If total amount requested above 100 000 ask for a video
- [ ] If member already got a grant ask about

## Status testing URLs

First complete the full form process then go to these URLs

- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-1 | Should show "You have successfully completed the application", "You will receive a follow up email to confirm your application has been received and separately when the review process has started. If you have questions that aren’t answered on near.org/grants, please contact us via email at grants@near.foundation." and only "Submit your Application" checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-2 | Should show "You was invited to an intervie. Please, select available date." and "Evaluation & Approval" should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-3 | Should show "Waiting for a interview" with the date of the interview and "Evaluation & Approval" should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-4 | Should show "You have successfully completed the interview" and "You will receive a follow up email to confirm your application has been approved. If you have questions that aren’t answered on near.org/grants, please contact us via email at grants@near.foundation." with "Evaluation & Approval" checked and "Acceptance or Denial Notification" with a logo pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-5 | Should show "Your application has been denied. Please, check comments and submit your application again." and the comments
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-6 | Should show "Your funding has been approved, pleace verivy your account." and a "Verify account" button and "Acceptance or Denial Notification" should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-7 | Should show "Thank you! We are currently checking your data" and its description, "Acceptance or Denial Notification" should be checked and "KYC" have a pending icon
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-8 | Should show "Sorry, the KYC has been denied" and a button button and "Acceptance or Denial Notification" should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-9 | Should show "Your account has been approved. To continue please sign the grant agreement." and a sign agreement button, KYC should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-10 | Should show "You successfully signed the agreement and we are ready to payouts you up front part of grant." and Signing of agreement should be checked and Upfront payout should be pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-11 | Should show "We have successfully completed the first payment. We are waiting for you at the onboarding meeting." and Upfront payout should be checked and Onboarding pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-12 | Should show "Let us know when you are done with milestone 1 and we will start the review." with a submit button and "Let’s start to work" instead of the process overview with only "Working on Milestone 1" marked as pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-13 | Should show "Please submit your milestone to the DAO" and a "Submit button", "Working on Milestone 1" should be marked as waiting
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-14 | Should show "You have successfully submit Milestone 1" and the message "You will receive a follow up email to confirm Milestone 1 has been approved. If you have questions that aren’t answered on near.org/grants, please contact us via email at grants@near.foundation.", "Working on Milestone 1" should be marked as done and "Submit" aswell, "Review" should be marked as pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-15 | Should show "Your application has been denied. Please, check comments and submit your application again." and the submit component below with only "Working on Milestone 1" marked as pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-16 | Should show "Working on Milestone 1" as done, "Working on Milestone 2" as pending and "Let us know when you are done with milestone 2 and we will start the review." with a submit button; it should have 2 payments in the payment part and have ticks in the 2 first items of payment schedule

### Milestones submission

- [ ] Milestone submission page should give an error if the milestone doesn't exist
- [ ] Milestone submission page should only allow milestones that has not been submitted
- [ ] Milestone submission page will not let you submit milestone i + 1 if milestone i had not been submitted
- [ ] Milestone submission page will show you the page to submit it to the DAO if it has only been sent to the backend
- [ ] Milestone submission page should show the form if it has not been submitted at all

### Payments tab

- [ ] Should show the initial payment by default
- [ ] Should show the extra payment for submitted milestones
- [ ] Should mark the initial payment as pending until paid
- [ ] Should mark the extra payment for submitted miletone pending until sent

### Project details milestone part

- [ ] Should show a checkmark when milestone is paid
- [ ] Should show a cross and a comment when milestone rejected

### Payment schedule

- [ ] Should show a checkmark when milestone is paid

## API Implementation informations

- Check `__tests__/mocks/handlers.ts` to see how the API should behave

Commit message:

Pre-filter made as a config setting, closes #93

__tests__/MANUAL_TESTING.md, after:

# Manual testing

> A guide to not forget to test anything.

## Testing list

- [ ] Should authenticate with NEAR wallet when clicking on the call to actions
- [ ] Should disconnect from NEAR when clicking logout in the navbar
- [ ] The /grants page should require NEAR login
- [ ] Saving as draft the form should not verify field types
- [ ] Saving as draft should display last saved time
- [ ] Submitting the form should requires field validation
- [ ] Submitting should first save as draft, then validate and submit to mark the data as submitted, then redirect to the NEAR submission
- [ ] If submission to the blockchain not completed show button to finish
- [ ] Submission to the blockchain should create a proposal to the DAO
- [ ] If submission to the blockchain and to the backend we should see the details

### Conditional form rendering

- [ ] If member part of a team add field about the team and team members
- [ ] If total amount requested above 100 000 ask for a video
- [ ] If member already got a grant ask about

## Status testing URLs

First complete the full form process then go to these URLs

- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-1 | Should show "You have successfully completed the application", "You will receive a follow up email to confirm your application has been received and separately when the review process has started. If you have questions that aren’t answered on near.org/grants, please contact us via email at grants@near.foundation." and only "Submit your Application" checked ---> Only if NEXT_PUBLIC_SKIP_EVALUATION_APPROVAL === false (backend will have this setting also)
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-2 | Should show "You are invited to an interview. Please, select available date." and "Evaluation & Approval" should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-3 | Should show "Waiting for a interview" with the date of the interview and "Evaluation & Approval" should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-4 | Should show "You have successfully completed the interview" and "You will receive a follow up email to confirm your application has been approved. If you have questions that aren’t answered on near.org/grants, please contact us via email at grants@near.foundation." with "Evaluation & Approval" checked and "Acceptance or Denial Notification" with a logo pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-5 | Should show "Your application has been denied. Please, check comments and submit your application again." and the comments
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-6 | Should show "Your funding has been approved, pleace verivy your account." and a "Verify account" button and "Acceptance or Denial Notification" should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-7 | Should show "Thank you! We are currently checking your data" and its description, "Acceptance or Denial Notification" should be checked and "KYC" have a pending icon
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-8 | Should show "Sorry, the KYC has been denied" and a button button and "Acceptance or Denial Notification" should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-9 | Should show "Your account has been approved. To continue please sign the grant agreement." and a sign agreement button, KYC should be checked
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-10 | Should show "You successfully signed the agreement and we are ready to payouts you up front part of grant." and Signing of agreement should be checked and Upfront payout should be pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-11 | Should show "We have successfully completed the first payment. We are waiting for you at the onboarding meeting." and Upfront payout should be checked and Onboarding pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-12 | Should show "Let us know when you are done with milestone 1 and we will start the review." with a submit button and "Let’s start to work" instead of the process overview with only "Working on Milestone 1" marked as pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-13 | Should show "Please submit your milestone to the DAO" and a "Submit button", "Working on Milestone 1" should be marked as waiting
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-14 | Should show "You have successfully submit Milestone 1" and the message "You will receive a follow up email to confirm Milestone 1 has been approved. If you have questions that aren’t answered on near.org/grants, please contact us via email at grants@near.foundation.", "Working on Milestone 1" should be marked as done and "Submit" aswell, "Review" should be marked as pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-15 | Should show "Your application has been denied. Please, check comments and submit your application again." and the submit component below with only "Working on Milestone 1" marked as pending
- [ ] http://localhost:3000/grants/t3st.testnet-16 | Should show "Working on Milestone 1" as done, "Working on Milestone 2" as pending and "Let us know when you are done with milestone 2 and we will start the review." with a submit button; it should have 2 payments in the payment part and have ticks in the 2 first items of payment schedule

### Milestones submission

- [ ] Milestone submission page should give an error if the milestone doesn't exist
- [ ] Milestone submission page should only allow milestones that has not been submitted
- [ ] Milestone submission page will not let you submit milestone i + 1 if milestone i had not been submitted
- [ ] Milestone submission page will show you the page to submit it to the DAO if it has only been sent to the backend
- [ ] Milestone submission page should show the form if it has not been submitted at all

### Payments tab

- [ ] Should show the initial payment by default
- [ ] Should show the extra payment for submitted milestones
- [ ] Should mark the initial payment as pending until paid
- [ ] Should mark the extra payment for submitted miletone pending until sent

### Project details milestone part

- [ ] Should show a checkmark when milestone is paid
- [ ] Should show a cross and a comment when milestone rejected

### Payment schedule

- [ ] Should show a checkmark when milestone is paid

## API Implementation informations

- Check `__tests__/mocks/handlers.ts` to see how the API should behave
